---
layout: post
title:  "LLM Demo"
date:   2024-03-13
description: Welcome to the demo page! Here, you'll discover two intriguing projects  Brissy and TabgpT. Brissy allows you to engage in friendly conversations using Australian slang, while TabgpT enables you to interact with any tab in Google Chrome. Enjoy exploring the demos!
---
<!-- <br/> -->

Brissy: The Australian Slang Chatbot
========

Ever wanted to chat like a true Aussie? Now you can with **Brissy**, the Australian slang chatbot. Powered by `ChatGPT`, Brissy provides answers on everything from Australian culture to general queries—all in authentic Aussie slang. Whether you're curious about Aussie traditions or simply want to experience a casual, fun conversation in local lingo, Brissy has you covered.

This project demonstrates the versatility of `ChatGPT` in creating engaging, user-friendly chatbots. Developed with `LangChain`, Brissy uses the ChatGPT API to deliver responses in Australian slang. It's an open-source project, and the code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/qmaruf/Australian-Slang-Chatbot). The chatbot is hosted on **Hugging Face Spaces**, making it accessible to anyone interested in Australian slang.

> Give it a try [Brissy](https://qmaruf-australianslangchatbot.hf.space/).

<br><br><br>

TabgpT: A Chrome Extension to Interact with Your Tabs
========

**TabgpT** is a Chrome extension that lets you interact with your open browser tabs through natural language queries. Powered by `ChatGPT`, TabgpT can answer questions based on the content of your tabs, making it easier than ever to find the information you need without navigating between pages.

Built using `LangChain`, TabgpT uses the ChatGPT API to extract information from open tabs. The extension leverages AWS Lambda and ECR in the backend, along with the **Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG)** model to answer questions. TabgpT stores data in a **Chrome vectorstore database** using OpenAI embeddings. When you ask a question, relevant content chunks are retrieved with **Maximum Marginal Relevance (MMR)** search and passed to OpenAI’s API to generate an accurate response.

The user interface is designed with **Twitter Bootstrap** and **jQuery** for a seamless experience. Available on the Chrome Web Store, TabgpT is your go-to tool for browsing more efficiently.

> Give it a try [TabgpT](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/tabgpt/meccgaejdpffgldieiacfnbjikenjcfj?authuser=0&hl=en).